Introduction

The library of the International Campus, Zhejiang University (Haining International Campus), was founded in 2015 and officially opened in September 2017. It is part of the Zhejiang University Library system. Located northeast of the central lake on the campus and adjacent to the bell tower, the library is one of the iconic buildings of the Zhejiang University International Campus. The building is octagonal, three stories high, and has a simple and elegant design. It covers an area of 9,609 square meters, with over 600 reading seats and a designed collection capacity of 300,000 volumes. Adhering to the principles of "internationalization, humanization, informatization, and openness" and the concept of "people-oriented, collection for use," the library actively supports the development of the international campus in aspects such as literature and information resource assurance, teaching and research support, and the creation of an academic information environment.

The layout and environment of the library building follow the principles of "openness, flexibility, comfort, and diversity," fully considering the different reading habits of Chinese and foreign students and providing a diverse experience for the campus's diverse reader group. The first floor offers comprehensive services and exhibition spaces, the second floor houses natural science collections, and the third floor includes humanities and social sciences collections and features an innovative seminar space. Each floor has a clear layout, achieving integrated services for collection, borrowing, reading, consulting, repairing, and printing. The building design advocates green and environmentally friendly concepts, winning the British Ecological Campus Platinum Award and the American LEED Platinum Green Building Environmental Certification, making it the first library building in China to receive this honor.

The library actively builds a literature resource assurance system mainly composed of foreign languages. Currently, the campus has over 93,000 volumes of paper books, with a Chinese-to-foreign language ratio of 1:2, and more than 20 foreign language journals. The collection resources are centered around the disciplines of the joint colleges, focusing on building collections in areas such as biomedicine, engineering, information, and business. The library resources are interconnected with the main campus, allowing faculty and students of the campus to quickly borrow from the 6.843 million volumes of Zhejiang University Library through logistics, and conveniently access all digital resources through the network, including 779 databases, over 2.446 million Chinese and foreign electronic books, and over 4.257 million Chinese and foreign electronic journals.

The library strives to build an integrated online and offline teaching support model, providing textbook ordering and consulting services for faculty and students of the campus, with textbook shelves covering all courses of the campus; continuously improving a reader service mechanism that converges Chinese and foreign practices, realizing "one-stop" service and information management, providing a consistent reader service experience for Chinese and foreign students; gradually forming a mixed Chinese-English information literacy training system, targeting the diverse student types of the campus, conducting various information literacy training courses such as new student library education, regular lectures, and customized lectures; regularly carrying out cultural activities that integrate Chinese and Western elements, building the "Weixue" brand, and promoting Chinese traditional culture from multiple perspectives such as "viewing, listening, reading, and speaking."

Based on the fundamental task of cultivating virtue and talent, and facing the grand goal of Zhejiang University moving towards the forefront of world-class universities, the library will continue to commit to acquiring and preserving first-class literature resources that support the development of campus teaching and research, building a knowledge bridge that connects users with global knowledge, creating an information environment that inspires innovation and excellence, and striving to become an important force in promoting the international campus to become a model area for international education cooperation.





Contact Information:

Telephone Consultation:

Service Hotline: 0571-87572288
Consultation Hours: Monday to Sunday, 8:30 - 22:30
On-site Consultation:

Service Desk: Information Desk in the Library's First Floor Lobby
Email Consultation:

Service Email: Library@intl.zju.edu.cn


Special Collection:


Oxford Collections
Oxford Handbooks - the world's most trusted source for scholarly research reviews.
As one of the most prestigious and successful strands of Oxford’s scholarly publishing, the Handbook series contains in-depth, high-level articles by scholars at the top of their field including Archaeology, business and management, classical studies, criminology and criminal justice to law, linguistics, literature, art, neuroscience.
Oxford Handbooks Online is guided by a world-class Editorial Board that bring together the world’s leading scholars to discuss research and the latest thinking on a range of major topics. Each Handbook offers thorough introductions to topics and a critical survey of the current state of scholarship, creating an original conception of the field and setting the agenda for new research.
Access：General loan
Location：Second floor of the library





Oxford - Very Short Introductions
This series published in 1995 by Oxford University Press focused on cultivating the humanistic spirit, covering literature, physics, biology, history, geography, economics, art and design, drama, media and other fields. As a key project of Oxford University Press, the series has expanded into a wide range and became general ideological readings.
Each volume of the series is not just a simple textbook, but a profound and enlightening discussion of the core issues on a specific topic. The authors of each volume combine fact, analysis, innovation, and enthusiasm to make generally obscure topics more readable.
Access：General loan
Location：Library Atrium, first floor





Cultural Special Collections
With an eye to the Chinese and Western perspectives, the collection includes cultural translation series and other well-known books domestic and overseas, covering art, history, literature, science and other multidisciplinary cultural research results.
The cultural special collection aims to build a platform for the cross-cultural communication and mutual learning between Chinese and foreign civilizations, providing a space for Chinese and foreign readers to carry out ideological and cultural exchanges and collision of idea.
Access：In-library Reading
Location：Cultural Special Collection Room on the second floor of the library



Academic Special Collections
The Academic Special Collection Room focuses on the collection of works, scientific research results and other documents of teachers in our campus, as a part of the construction of the campus's characteristic literature resources. It is also of great significance to the preservation and utilization of the campus's academic resource, display and publicity of scientific research results and academic exchanges.
Those outstanding academic achievements of professors and teachers in our campus will definitely be a good guide for readers.
Access：In-library Reading
Location：Academic Special Collection Room on the second floor of the library



Ancient Chinese Paintings
To rescue and popularize the art of Chinese ancient painting, carry forward the traditional Chinese culture, and promote cultural exchanges among countries all over the world, Zhejiang University Press published "Series of Chinese Paintings of Previous Dynasties".
The series contains more than 11600 paintings from Warring States to the Qing Dynasty which were collected by 210 cultural institutions domestic and overseas. In contemporary, it is now the most comprehensive, exquisite and largest publication on ancient Chinese paintings, and a high-end art publication of appreciation, academic value and collection value.
Access：In-library Reading
Location：Library Atrium, first floor

Next to the Bell Tower, the library isone of the landmarks of InternationaCampus, Zhejiang University. By thenortheast side of the Central Lake, it isan elegant third-floor octagonal buildingwhich occupies a land of 9606 squaremeters, with over six hundred seats
The designed collection capacity is around300,000. Now there are about 93, 000Chinese books and foreign books
As a branch of the library of Zhejiang Universityour library has 8 branches in all campuses. Everyreader with campus card can use the resources in albranch libraries, including over 779 databases, above2.45 million e-books and about 4.26 million e-journals
Opening Hours
Library: 8:30-22:30 ( Mon. to Sun.)Kafelaku Cafe: 9:30-22:30 ( Mon. to Sun.)
Contact us
TEL:0571-87572288 E-MAlL: library@intl.zju.edu.cnWEB: http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn


LIBRARY POLICYReaders can borrow 5 to 60 books via campus card. The loan period is 40 days.(eaders can renew books without limit of times (up to 999 days). Reserved bookscannot be renewed.Overdue books will be charged 0.05 RMB per day. We suggest you return the books ortime for better circulation.Iibe nesoy 20vbes inertion heaae s ane cy beokinfoonatonans uomie re nisitappointment on our website. Please collect resed books within three days after thereceipt of the satisfaction notice at the information Desk on the 1st floor. Readers canthree books at mostreserveReaders will find resources, recommending books, personal borrowing information and reserve and renewbooks on the website of 'my library'( http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn ).
LIBRARY LAYOUT
Floor
LavoutWeiXueBookshelfInformation Desk
Service Contents
Foreign books display and for borrowing and purchasingConsulting Services, Device Borrowing, Room Booking, Lost and Found, Yunyue Reading ServiceConsulting Services, Inter-library Loan, etc.Self-Service Area Retrieving information, self-service borrowing and returning, self-service printing
Service Desk
1st
IT Helpdesk
IT consulting serviceTextbook display and reading (only in the library)Display area (new books, cultures)Leisure area for coffeeHolding lectures, salons and other academic activities (Appointment to use)Chinese and foreign books (N-Z)
Floo
TextbookBookshelfAtrium
Kafelaku café
Multi-functionRoom
Book Stacks
Periodicals &Newspapers
Periodicals & newspapers, for reading only
Reference Books Reference books, for reading only
2nd Special Collection
Floor
Information Desk
Cultural & Academic Special Collection Room
Consulting Services, iMac
Self-Service Area  Retrieving information, self-service borrowing and returning, self-service printing
3rdFloor
Making phone call in libraryChinese and foreign books (A-K)iMac, Microsoft Surface StudioGroup Study Room Group discussion, teacher training
Phone BoothBook Stacks
Experience Space
Multi-media Room Video Editing, making posters
REMINDER
"catng is atnomcudenin werelamn areaintain a good reading environment. phone bec quiet and mute cellphone in the library, Please make phone calls inPlease put the book back to book cart after reading if you do not want to. peel reeto consult our stafs when you are in trouble.*. Please obey the rules and regulations of the library.
。.
Contact us :TEL:0571-87572288 EMAlL: library@intl.zju.edu.cn WEB:http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn

Kindle & iPad Loan Service
What is Kindle & iPad Loan Service?To better meet needs of students andfaculty for learning and teaching, Kindand iPad Loan Service is now available.
What is the Loan Policy ?Kindle and iPad can be borrowed forfour hours in the library or seven dayout of the library. lt can be reservedonline. Advanced reservation is onlyavailable for borrowing the device ouof the library.
DEVICERENTAL
In the library: 4 hoursOut of the library: 7 days
TIME
How to borrow a kindle or an iPad?
Go to the library website, or Library WeChat PublicAccount,click on the library- Kindle & iPad Loan Serviceto reserve the device online.
STEP2Receive an email when the reservation is successful.
Collect the device in the Information Desk, the 1st floorSTEPlibrary, with your campus card.
STEP4Return the device back to the Information Desk
Service Hour: Monday to Sunday9:00-21: 30( except when library is closed )
http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn
LC


INTERNATIONAL CAMPUSZHEJANG UNIVERSITY浙江大学国际联合学院
Room Booking
Library offers you a variety of rooms fitting for a small or large group of peoplefor different purposes
For group study, a full set of integrated furniture with devices in group studyspecific resources on separate screensrooms allows users to projewhich brings an efficient discussion experience, and enables collaborativeworking.
For workshop or training, several rooms equipped with remote video andtouchable e-blackboard will enable users to carry out a small activity easily
For a media-to-large group of people, multifunction room in the library firstfloor equipped with the moveable furniture and high-pixel multi-mediadevices, can flexibly fit for diversity activities.Most importantly, those activitiescan be easily recorded and broadcast live
Cultural Events
Academic Lectures
Official Conference
Literacy Training
How to Use Multifunction Room and Group Study Room?BookingScan the QR Code-Follow WeChat Public Account,-Click'Room Booking-Choose a room.
Library websitehttp://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn/zh-hans.
Approvec
Multi-function Room:-Go to the Information Desk.-Ask a librarian to turn on theequipment for you.
Multi-function Room:-Ask the librarian to turnoff the equipment.
Group study Room:Enter the room with campus card.Turn on the equipment with the aidof instruction on the table.
Group Study Room:-Turn off the equipment.Shut down the door.
Booking PolicyAdvanced booking for a maximum of four hours


Yunyue Reading Service
What is Yunyue Reading Service?
It' s a new book delivery serviceZhefane unieren u brary.
Receive the bookby delivery beforlibrary purchase it
Readers recommendnew books from theplatform.
The service greatly shorten the time foreaders to borrow new Chinese books.
What are the Borrowing Rules?
1.Each reader can borrow up to 10 books, 2.Continue to borrow after returning.
3.Books can be borrowed for 40 days,4.Renewed once for another 20 days.
How to borrowa book from Yunyue Reading Platform?Register and Login
Scan Zhejiang University “Yunyue Reading’ QR code below.
LGo to the website http://www.yuntaigo.com/zju.html.
Order and Deliver
Receive books -- Go to 'Yunyue Reading’Order online --eplatform personal center
--Confirm
Return
The book needs to be returned to the informatian desk on the first floor of the library.
Tips for login
Login with your INTL ID or Zhejiang UniversityPass for unified identity authentication. Beforelogin, you need to activate your unified identityauthentication.
First time to login, you need to bind mobile phones

How to search & find books
01
To find the book you would like toborrow, please go tohttp://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn
Simply search the catalogue using key wordsrelevant to your desired item (author, titleetc.). Besides, to narrow the range of theresults, you can also set searching options
Then click on 'searching books 'and you will find the result, whichcontains the detailed information ofrelevant books you want to borrow.
04
Go to find the shelf where youcan get the book you want
The cal number is the basic rule for sorting the shelf,which is also the necessary code information to findthe books. The call number contains two partsdassification number and sort number.
As for the order of call number
K837.125.2
=6/LE1
classification number
sort number
K837.125.2=6/LE1
K-History andGeography
L-Foreign BookC-Chinese BookIA-Given Book

Search & Find
Step 1 /Open the home pageIf you already have the specific information ofsomebook, you can directly search the library'homepage ( http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn ).
   
9 图书馆
Step 2 /Type in key wordsYou can receive the detailed information of thebook by typing in the key words, such as title,author etc.
Step 3 /Get the detailed information of the bookBy default, the search results are displayed in thebrief view with book jacket. This includes the titleauthor, publisher, document format, rating, yearcall number, link and holding information.
Step 4 / Find & fetch the bookUse the call number and holding informationto locate the book on library bookshelves.
受 图书馆
s pen. xaaonbar
H136anguage
Welcome to the library web
http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn

How to Use E-resources
Zhejiang University Library attaches great importance tothe construction of online and digital literature resources
Databases have covered all the disciplines by far--779literature databases, 2,446,000 Chinese and foreigne-books, 4,257,000 kinds of Chinese and foreign e-journals
The library digital literature resources rank among thetop in domestic university libraries, and the digitalresources with rich variety and excellent quality providea strong guarantee for the comprehensive improvemenof teaching, researching and discipline construction inschool districts.
Retrieval process
Determine theretrieval theme
Search the website:http://lib.intl.zju.edu.cn/click on Finding Resources
Choose the databaseaccording to theretrieval theme
Determine the keyword and retrievethe literature
Adjust the retrievalmethod according tothe retrieval result

Common Databases
Web of Science
Web of Science -Indexes high - impact science, social science, engineering, and art &humanities research journals.
EBSCO
EBSCO-ncludes Academic Search Premier (ASP), Business Source Premier (BSP), MEDLINEComplete, DynaMed and other databases
Scopus
Scopus-Scopus is an abstract and citation database which covers all disciplines such asMedicine, Social Science, Life Science, etc.
ProQuest
ProQuest-Includes Business, Social Science, Humanities, Technology, Medicine and otherdatabases
CNKI
CNKl ( China National Knowledge Infrastructure )-Multiple databases can be retrieved orCNKl retrieval platform, such as journal papers, doctoral master's theses, conference papersnewspapers, yearbooks, encyclopedias, patents, standards, etc.
Related discipline databases in campus
Discipline
BiomedicineBioinformation
Engineering
Humanities &social sciences
Abstract
PubMedMEDLINE
Engineering Village
MLA InternationalBibliography.Chinese SocialSciences CitationIndex
Full text/e-bookThieme E-BookLibrary, SpringerProtocols, OxfordScholarship Online
ACM
Taylor & FrancisBloomsbury
Journal/conference
AMA, American journalof human biology,American Journal ofPhysiology, ACS chemicalneuroscience
IEEE Xplore, ASME.Emerald， ACM.Elsevier ScienceDirect
JSTOR, Emerald