International Campus, Zhejiang UniversityBuilding Service Booklet
Building 2D2E
Campus Service Center
August,2023

Preface
ip order to help you to adapt to the new working environment of intemationa!Campus Zhejiang University as soon as possible, Campus Service Centerona!specially launched Building Service Booklet for building 2D2E , hoping to pronabeter help to you to understand the office environment and various services provideby Campus Service Center.
The Campus Service Center of International Campus strives to create a “one-storservice" mode of “one-man acceptance and integrated service”", and advocates theconcept of "finding one person at most" and " Building Manager's at your hand whenyou need", so as to liberate the faculty and staff from complicated administrativedaily affairs and concentrate on teaching and scientific research. All life and servicerelated to energy-saving management, office environment, daily cleaning, facilitoperation and maintenance, green plant maintenance, materials borrowing, order ancsafety, and administrative affairs agency between International Campus and the maircampus of Zhejiang University can be contacted for consultation and handling.With the continuous improvement of campus services, relevant parts will be updatedWish you all a happy work, study and life in the International Campus, ZhejiangUniversity!
Contact Our Building Manager: 87572262/19857369305

Introduction to Building 2D2E
The Laboratory Building locates in the southeast of the campus, With a total five hthe building is divided to two areas, D and E, it includes studying rooms, labs, ofi.meeting rooms. Surrounding with underground parking spaces, bicyele parking hare 3 entrances and exits, of which the south gate of 2E is the main gate.
On the first floor of the building, there are 7 laboratories, 3 rest areas for students, amdhousekeeper consults the front desk.

0n the second foor of the building, thereare 17 laboratories,2 teacher's ofice, metimroom for 10 people, 2 rest areas for students and ltea bar

On the third floor of the building, there are 9 laboratories and 3 rest areas for student

on the fouth foor of the building, there are 8 laboratories and 2 rest areas fstuden ts.

On the fifth floor of the building, there are 9 laboratories and 2 rest areas fm
tudents.

1. Building Management
1.1 Access Contml Service
1.1.1 Access Control
Table 1-1 Access Control Activation Schedule
Access Control
Entrance Type
Main Entrance
SecondaryEntrance
Location
West gate of 2D
West gate of 2E
East gate of 2D
West gate of 2E
During Semester
Holidays & Winterand Summer Vacation
7:00-21:30
( Swipe card in 24h Swipe card in and
and out of the rest
out
of the time )
24h Swipe card in and out
Other access control entrances are normally closed
When applying for the campus card, the faculty will have the access control authority ofthe office and office building initially, The manager can provide temporary door openingservice during working hours. For temporary door opening outside working hours, youcould dial the fire control room hotline (0571-87572119). Before providing temporarydoor opening service, identity verification is required.
lf you want to obtain other access control door lock authority, you can apply through “MYZJU”

1.1.2 Personnel
The 2D2E Building is only open to faculty and staff and students on campus fare visitors from outside, the Building Manager will confirm the identity etavisitors and whether they have an appointment, and complete visitor registrati..
1.1.3 Goods & Facilities
1. The Building Manager is responsible for the management and statistics of pubgoods, such as furniture, green plants, electrical appliances, etc. lf you nedtemporarily borrow or deploy them to other buildings, please contact the BuiManager.
2. If large items are moved out of the building, a Release Note should be issued fmthe Building Manager.
3. If there are large items moved in or out of the building, please contact the BuildinManager in advance, and reasonably arrange the route, elevator and time for handlim
1.2 Security Management
1.2.1 Fire safety
1. Smoking is prohibited in the building; open flame is prohibited in key departmesuch as offices, archives, and reference rooms.
2. It is prohibited to move the public fire-fighting facilities in the building;3. The fire safety evacuation passageway and emergency exit door in the buldingmust be kept unblocked, and please do not occupy or block them.

Table 1-2 fire-fighting facilities in the building
Name
Access cardreader
Emergency
doorrelease
Door
openingbutton
Firehydrant
Fire hydrantmanualalarmbutton
Photo
DOUREEAS
DOOREXIT
i
Function
The door can be opened after thefaculty's card is activated. Swipe thecampus card on the reader there will abeep sound, and the blue light willflash, then the door will open. If thelight is red, it means that the card is notauthorized for this point.
After the door open button fails, breakthe glass of the emergency doorbreaker to make the access controlin valid.
Used to open the door access in a shorttime, convenient to exit.
Mainly used to restrain combustiblesisolate combustion-supporting
materials, and eliminate ignited
sources.
Mainly used to give alarm signal to firecontrol center and start fire pump.


1.2.2 Electricity safety
1. It is strictly forbidden to pull and connect wires in the building, Do nomheating appliances in the office.
2. Please turn off the necessary power supply when leave the ofice area3. The Campus Service Center wil regularly check power facilities, equimapower lines in the public area.
1.3 Green Building Management
1.3.1 Intelligent Lighting
The building is equipped with intelligent lighting, which will automatically umthe lighting system in the default mode. During the non-working hours(173.gnext day),weekends and holidays, the light control mode of each floor in the buiwill be adjusted to emergency light mode.
1.3.2 Intelligent Air Conditioning
The building is equipped with central air conditioning, which can be tumed on moffaccording to the actual situation (follow the website: coc.intl.zju.edu.cn) in wiand summer, The criteria of turning on the A/C is temperature over 28 '℃ in suand lower than 5 'C in winter.
In order to promote energy conservation and environmental protection, pleas sreasonable temperature: not lower than 26 'C in summer; not higher than 20 t iwinter.
1.3.3 Fresh Air System
Fresh air system is installed on all floors in this building, the fesh air sysavailable if it is necessary, which is mainly used for air purification and vemlin the building.

2. Building Services
Al pubtic areas in buikdings on campus are provided with comprechensive sericeAcluding ofice preparation, maintenance, cleaning, and plants maintenance, ers
2.1 Building Manager Service
All buildings on campus are equipped with a Building Manager. In addition toarrangements of building maintenance and cleaning services, there are also expressservice, repair, consultation, reception, cross-campus administrative affair agencyservices available at the Building Manager.
2.2 Preparation for Building Settlement
Before you settle in the ofice, Building Manager will prepare necessary items for thecorresponding public areas according to the campus regulations, and conductdebugging and inspection of the socket, air conditioner, land-line telephone and otherequipment to make them available
2.2.1 Land-line Telephone Service
Land-line installation, transfer, and international toll opening arrangements aredetermined by each unit and department. Before settling in the building, BuildingManager will assist the teleco staff in configuring the required land-line. Ifthere isany other need, please contact the Building Manager for coordination.
2.2.2 Land-line Dialing Instructions
Fixed.-line dialing instructions in International Campus Zhejiang University 
Campus fixed-line:0571/0573-8757****l. Callthe fixed number in the campus, please dial the last 4 digits directy


. Call Jiaxing fixed-line, please plus "0” before fixed-line number (without 3. Call the domestic fixed-line outside Jiaxing (including campus in Hangitplease dial “0” + area code + fixed-line number
4. Call Jiaxing mobile phone number, plus “0” before phone number5. Call domestic mobile phone outside Jiaxing, plus “00" before phone numbe6. International calls, please dial “118321"+“00” + country code / area code + phnumber/ fixed-line number.
2.3 Administrative Affair Agency Service (Zijingang-International Campus)
Building Manager could handle administrative affairs between Zijingang campus aInternational Campus (personal affairs excluded). If you have relevant needs, pleascontact the Building Manager.
2.4 Items Borrowing
Building Manager office provides carts, tool boxes, laser pens and other items foyour emergency needs. If necessary, you can borrow the item after registration by
the building manager, and should return it in time.
2.5 Express Service
Parcel Sending
a. Self-service parcel sending: Faculty, staff and students can go to the Postal Servic?
Center of the No. 3 Residential College to send the parcel.
b. Door-to-door pickup: Orders for small parcels or documents can be placed onlinby faculty and staf, Parcels can then be placed at the reception desk of buildingmanagers which will be uniformly picked up and sent by the Postal Service CenteShipments received before 17:00 within the day can be sent for delivery on the samday.
Choice of delivery express (commonly used express):

Domestic express: SF Express, Post, EMS, YTO, ZTO
International express: FedEx, UPS, DHL, TNT, EMSParcel pick-up and delivery
i ordinary express parcels: Currently, express cabinets have been set up in varousareas of the campus, and the express cabinets of the administration buildimgeareaeared at the elevator No. 1 on the ground floor, The parcels can be picked u busing the mobile phone SMS pickup code.
i Large express parcels: For large express parcels that cannot be delivered to theexpress cabinets, the recipient will be contacted to make an appointment for deliveryi. Express delivery of documents (including letters, newspapers, magazines): Suchexpress will be dispatched by courier to the managers of each building, and thbuilding managers will distribute them to the recipient's office.
2.6 Subscription ofnewspapers and magaZines
Subscription scope: Subscribing to various newspapers and magazines.Subscription time: Monday to Sunday 8: 30-18:30.Subscription address: Postal Center at No. 3 Residential CollegeSubscription Tel:0571/0573-87572233 15857350731.
2.7 Tea & Coffee Bar Service
Tea & Coffee Bar is on the second floor in this building, and it is equipped with notonly coffee machine, direct drinking water dispenser and self-service printer, but alsomaterials such as coffee beans and tea. The Building Manager fills materials regularlyThe equipment and cups will be disinfected regularly.


Table 2-1 Supporting Facilities of Tea & Coffee Bar
Facilities
Position
24-hour Direct Drinking Water
Dispenser
Coffee Machine
Microwave Oven
2E
Refrigerator
24-hour Direct Drinking Water
Dispense
Self-service Printing
24-hour Direct Drinking Water
Dispense
3F
4F
Table 2-2 Drinking Water Service Content
Everyday
Every week
Every month
Every half year
Every year
Change hot/ cold water for 5mins each
Disinfect taps for direct drinking water
Entrust Center for Disease Control and Preventionto test direct drinking water
Test method: random sampling
Replace GAC (granular active carbon)
Replace CTO (chlorine, taste and odor)


Table 2-3 Overview of the conference rooms in theLaboratory building
Type
Self-service
meeting room
Conference
Number
room
D217
10
people
D517
8 peopl
Facilities and equipment
Shivo all-in-one, laser pointer.
Shivo all-in-one; laser pointer,
whiteboard
2.10 Maintenance Service
Building Manager is responsible for reporting repairs and maintenance of thefacilities and equipment in the building. After receving the repair report, the managewill coordinate the maintenance personnel to handle it at the first time and will givfeedback after the repair is completed.. For the repair not included in Property ServicContract, a certain fee will be charged according to Zhejiang University SporadiMaintenance Labor Standard.
( http://zhfwzju.edu.cn/zhfw zdts/2020/0417/c4903a2081855/page.psp)
2.11 Cleaning Service
2.11.1 Environmental Cleaning Service


2.8 Information Service
2.8.1 Self-service Printing
A self-service document printing terminal is set upon the third floor in the buildingwhich provides printing, copying and scanning services. The campus card is used folidentity authentication and charge before printing.
You can click htip:/print. intl.zju.edu.cn , click “cloud printing", log in with youINTL ID and campus card password, upload and submit the content to be printed, ordownload the printing driver to submit the printed document, and swipe the campuscard on the terminal to complete the printing operation.
2.8.2 Network Connection
The full range within International Campus is covered two wireless networkconnection, ZJUWLAN and eduroam, You can log in with your INTL ID to connectto either network, For cable network connection, just enter your INTL ID andpassword on the network authentication page to connect to the Internet.
2.8.3 IT Service
If you need IT service, please visit IT service website of International Campus:http://its.Intl.zju.edu.cn/ or call ITS service hotline 0571/0573-87572669 for
consultation.
2.9 Meeting Service
There are 2 meeting room in the building.Tea, hot water, multimedia debugging andother meeting services are provided.

Fach foor of the building has a fixed cleaner responsible for cleaning, BuildingManager is responsible for the building environmental hygiene inspection andsupervision. If you have special needs, please contact Building Manager in advanc
Table 2-5 Cleaning Service Content
Building
2D2E
CleaningRange
1. Hall
2.Restroom
3.0ffice
Operation Frequency
The ground, steps, publicity windows, trashcans, pillars,plantflowerpots cleanedthoroughly once a day,and at intervals:windowsills once a day; doors and doorcovers, kicking feet line every 3 days; glassof windows and doors, walls, ceilings, firefacilities and lamps biweekly; surface ofMarble (granite) polished every 2 monthsfloor tiles or solidified floors cleanedmonthly; carpets are vacuumed weekly andcleaned every semester.
Clean thoroughly once a day,and atintervals of 3 hours; ceilings, lamps andexhaust fans cleaned monthly; glass ofwindows and doors biweekly. windowsillsonce a day.
Collect garbage between 15:00 and 16:00pm once a day (before 8:00 am the next dayif there are special circumstances). Cleanonce a week (can be cleaned according tothe scheduled date).

4. MeetingRoom
5. Specialspaces such aslaboratories
The ground, tables and chairs cleaned anddusted every time;windowsills, doorframes, door covers, walls, corners every 3days. Clean up at the end of the meetingCeilings, lamps and equipment monthly,
Cleaning by reservation (paid)
2.11.2 Disinfection Service
The disinfection frequency of facilities in the building is as follows:
Table 2-6 Disinfection Work Arrangement
Disinfection Work Arrangement
DisinfectionObject
DisinfectionFrequency
DisinfectionSupplies
OperatingPersonnel
Outlet of
Straight Water
Dispenser
Handle of
Coffee Pot
Elevator Button
Once a day
Alcohol
Cotton
75%Alcohol
FloorCleaningStaff

All Kinds of
Cups
MicrowaveOven
Refrigerator
Coffee Machine
Twice a week
Once a quarter
DisinfectionCabinet
WhiteVinegar
Edible
BakingSoda
WhiteVinegar
2.12 Green Plant Maintenance Service
In order to beautify the environment and purify the indoor air, public areas in thebuilding are decorated with green plants. The Campus Service Center provides greenplants maintenance, configuration and management services in public areas, as welas paid services in non-public areas. Please contact the building manager for details
3. Emergency Response
In the event of an emergency, please keep calm and follow the procedures as below, toensure personal safety and minimize property losses.
3.1 To Prevent Crime
If any suspicious person is found, please inform the building manager or CampusService Center (0571/0573-87572114) immediately;

3.2 Accidents and Injuries
1. Keep calm and do not move the wounded;,
2, Inform the building manager or Campus Service Center and describe the conditiofthe injured person as clearly and accurately as possible, so that the Campus ServiCenter can provide you with the greatest assistance,
3. Ensure that the accident site is ventilated so that the injured can breathe as mugfresh air as possible.
3.3 Water Running
1. In case of water running accident, please inform the building manager or CampusService Center immediately, Remove important items under the premise of ensuringsafety;
2. After receiving the report, the Campus Service Center will immediately bring tookto the scene to handle the accident, Ifnecessary, it will take measures such as cutingoff the power supply and water supply facilities, stopping the operation of equipmentand sealing the scene;
3. After the accident is controlled, the Campus Service Center will check the chainreaction that may be triggered and follow up to deal with it in time.
3.4 Power Outages
1. Please keep calm and do not panic, and inform the building manager or CampusService Center immediately.
2. Keep in touch with Campus Service Center and cooperate with the maintenanc?work of the staf;
3. Remember to back up files waiting to be processed in the computer at any time tprevent data loss caused by sudden power failure.

3.5 Trapped in an Elevator
1. Stay calm and do not panic, and elevators are not enclosed and will not experiencesuffocation;
2. Please press the elevator alarm bell or use the elevator alarm phone to send adistress signal, and keep in touch with the control center through the alarm phone tocooperate with the rescue operation;
3. Do not jump in the elevator to avoid consequences such as falling due to vibrationDo not forcibly open the elevator door or tamper with the switches inside the elevator
3.6 Storm and Heavy Rain
1. Please check all windows in the building to ensure that they are closed and in goodcondition;
2. Please remove all items in the window sill, especially important documents, etc3. If you find any damage or abnormality, or you need help, please contact buildingmanager or Campus Service Center in time.
3.7 Fire
In case of fire, burnt smell, abnormal smoke and unusual heat, please stay calm anddo not panic. Please take the following measures to give an alarm and put out thefire to avoid casualties and reduce losses:
Step 1: Break the glass of the nearest manual alarm button box and the alarm bellwill ring.
Step 2: lmmediately notify Campus Service Center to call the Fire Control Center:Step 3: Try to use the nearest fire extinguisher or fire hydrant to put out the fire unde!the premise of ensuring safety. In case of electrical fire, the power should be cut offfirst;
Step 4: Ensure you are in a safe place. If the fire spreads beyond control, evacuate

immediately and retreat to a safe location or join the school evacuation.
When you hear of a fire alarm, please remain calm. The fire alarm bell of the adjacenfloor will ring at the same time. You should:
Step 1: Inform all personnel to scatter to outdoor or other safe places through the fir
escape;Step 2: Close all doors to ensure the safe evacuation of all personnel.Step 3: The person in charge of each office should count the number of all personne!to ensure the safe evacuation of them;
Step 4: Evacuation, If you've received an emergency evacuation order, please stavcalm. Do not panic or use the elevator, evacuate to a safe place according to thenearest staircase shown in the Evacuation Diagram of the floor, and follow thecommand of the staff on site.
4. Directory &Contacts
Table 4-1 Campus Service Departments Contacts
Service Departments
FireControlCenter(Campus 24-hour Help Tel)
Contacts
0571-87572119
Working Time
Mon. to Sun. 24-hour
Mon. to Fri.
Campus Service Hub
0571-87572114
8:00-17:30
Weekend/Holiday
24
8:30-17:00


Service Departments
Conlacts
Working Time
Mon. To Fri.
Gymnasium
0571-87572273
13:00-21:00
Weekend 9:00-21:00
Campus IT Service Center
Campus Postal ServiceCenter
Catering Service Center
Campus Hospital
Residential College NO.1
Residential College NO.2
Residential College NO.3
Academic Exchange Center
0571-87572669
0571-87572233
0571-87572777
0571-87572120
0571-87572200
0571-87572290
0571-87572300
0573-87375666
Mon. to Sun.8:30-17:30
Mon. to Sun.8:3018:30
Mon. to Sun.7:00.19:30
Mon. to Fri. 8:00-21:00
Weekend/Holiday8:00-17:00
Mon. to Sun. 24-hour
Mon. to Sun. 24-hour
Mon. to Sun. 24-hour
Mon. to Sun. 24-hour

1. Learn and follow all established laboratory regulations before enteringStrictly carry out all operation procedures and keep records where relevant.
2.Ensure the visibility of the lab observation window, Post safetyinformation placards at lab entrance and update them in time.
3.Keep the lab tidy and foors dry, Clean up waste material promptlyKeep evacuation routes free to enable easy access to power switches protectiveequipment and fre-fghting apparatus.
4.Before entering the lab, one should learn the underlying safety hazardsand emergency measures, and adopt appropriate safety precautionarymeasures.Lab personnel should choose the personal protective equipmentappropriately according to compatibility and operational requirements. Ensurproper application, validity and integrity before using; learn about proper usage
and maintenance.5.In non-experimental areas (like elevators, ofces, lounges and meetingrooms, etc.), one should not wear protective articles such as lab coats or gloves6. For special positions or assignments and operation of special apparatusone should receive proper training and obtain the necessary licenses or permitsbefore working.
7.Do not wear contact lenses in a chemistry lab or in a high temperatureenvironment.
8.Smoking, eating, sleeping and lighting mosquito-repellent incense areforbidden in the laboratory. Heating equipments including electrical oil heatersand electric radiators are not permitted to use. Do not place irrelevant items inlab. Do not engage in horseplay in lab.
9. Never break away from the position in the process of experiment. Theremust be at least 2 people present during any dangerous experiments.
10.Experiments shall be scheduled and conducted properly in accordanc?with Notice on Enhancing Laboratory Safety Management in Special Period. Donot conduct dangerous experiments after 23:00.
11. Apparatus should not be left on overnight. If it is necessary to do soprecautionary measures should be taken. Air conditioners, computers and watedispensers should not work overnight.
12. Clean up immediately after all experiments. Lock door wheneve!leaving the lab, even temporarily. The last one to leave the lab should turn ofthe water, electricity and gas, close the windows and doors.
13.Familiarize yourself with the emergency equipment within lab or in thesurrounding areas, and be able to use them correctly.14.Stop experiments once hazardous conditions are detected. Takecorresponding measures promptly to eliminate them. Do not take any risks.
15.When handling lab safety incidents, assess calmly, act timely, manageeffectively, report it to supervisors and others, evacuate promptly when things
get out of control, look after each other, and ensure everyone's safety.16.If you catch on fre or are contaminated with chemicals, promptly useproper facilities like emergency showersright awayRNENNHEHNNNNNUNNRNn

1.
guidance,and obey the management strictly.
2. Students must take safety training before the experiment and mustpay attention to safety during the experiment to prevent incidentsregarding person or instruments.
3,Before class, students must preview lab instructions and textbooksrelated to the experimental contents carefully, and understand thepurpose, principles and methods ofthe experiment. lfstudents failto preview or arrive late without rightful reasons,instructors shallhave the right to cease the experiment
4. Lab coats are required for students before entering lab. Nowandering, eating, drinking or littering are allowed in lab. Do notmove equipment that is irrelevant to the experiment. Keep quietand make no noise during the experiment. ltems not related to theexperiment shall not be brought into lab and items in lab shall notbe taken out without permission
Students must conduct experiments with a scientifc attitude of5.seeking truth from facts,measuring the data by themselvescarefully completing the original records ofthe experiment whichshall be signed by teacher in charge of the class. They must nooperate the experiment in haste. Students shall fnish theexperiment report independently after the experiment and hand inthe report on time without plagiarism or fabricating.
When operating on instruments, students should observe the6.operation procedures strictly. Once any abnormal phenomenon isfound, students should stop operation immediately and reportedto lab instructor in time. Those who violate the operationprocedures or do not follow the instructions and cause the damageof instruments shall be dealt with according to the relevantregulations ofthe university.
7
To enhance students' awareness of safety and environmentalprotection, consumption, storage and disposal of biochemicalreagents, radioactive items, highly toxic chemicals, pathogens,animals and other experimental supplies should be operated inaccordance with relevantregulations.
After fnishing the experiment, student should clean the lab and8putinstruments,tools,etc.to their original position. They canleave the lab only after approval from instructors.


